DEBUG-MODE
==========
    -Tackle RWD for tablet and desktop views

    
ACHIEVEMENTS
COMPTIA N+
FRONTEND FUNDAMENTALS (HTML, CSS AND JAVASCRIPT)
PROGRAMMING IN MICROSOFT C#
CCNA

MY SERVICES
Web development
Computer Hardware repair and maintenance
Software design and programming
Graphic Designs
Consultancy in IT and business
Preparing prospective candidates for IT certification exams
Online helpDesk support free call now

TESTIMONIES
-----------
GBJ
1.) Mr Joseph Irabor is such an oustanding and admirable mentor/teacher to me. He has a knack for encouraging me, yet at the same time challenging me enough to push me out of my comfort zone. I have always enjoyed and still enjoy the time I spend with him, whether its a lecture or even just a normal conversation. Every interaction with Mr Irabor is always a favourable and valuable one. Overall, he is an extra-ordinary person, with a vast amount of knowledge and an incredible heart/attitude towards life and the people around him, and anyone will be lucky to have him as a mentor/teacher.

2.) When I first met Mr Irabor Joseph, I was at the early stage of deciding a career path for my life in the computing feild and I was still very much confused and not clear on the path to choose. Mr Irabor introduced me to all there was to know about the different computing fields and helped me to realize and choose the one I had the most passion for. After a few months of learning and being mentored under Mr Irabor, I was able to confidently choose a career path for myself and grow in it.

SAMUEL

My name is Samuel Egede-Uzoma I am also a student of me Irabor Joseph he taught me how to code and the first language I learnt was html and css those were the first computer languages I learnt and when he was teaching me I understood what I was doing and when I got stuck he explained it well and kept telling me if I wanted to get better all I had to do was to practice and that helped me a lot then I moved to Canada when I got here he is still very helpful and gives me advice when I’m stuck and keeps encouraging me to do my best he not just a teacher he is a friend too and always there when you need him and he’s the best teacher I’ve ever had.